direct jean of Nîmes where we find
julien cholin hello julien
you are so animate the night has been a
a little quieter than expected a word first
on the weather conditions that
does it make what time is it currently
in the gard so here is a small
technical problem with our connection
so obviously all the animators
all the columnists want to know
what is the secret of your success and
your longevity
just one answer the coke the damsel
from Avignon became the queen of the
French song and me well I have the
chance to be your friend thank you for being with
us tonight
my dear minutes
bbc
something you and that it mostefa
it was hot it was really good I
Mostly tribal sections
pressure blessing but when we
reaches eu movement that
have to relax pay attention not go up
on the boat just behind my
left and I will not see anything
servane and yes I was Jewish in paca
cardiogram and he annoys me this is the
market
you have not got a good storm he has
well been the names
I can not help but give you the
definition his thoughts though that you
will you inspire this subject go
know why I had this idea you
know kind of turn it's a friend of
mom it's real good he's working in
the same office then jean dutourd he has
said penis an instrument of the most
capricious on whom one can hardly
count cumbersome when it only serves to
nothing since not false absent when we
would need him
fake boss rarely sharing the
his owner's ideas a brief
source of annoyances if not hassle
sense of the formula it's a challenge
not if he talked about that with mom in
any case we can say that indeed
these are annoyances that we
let's talk
you will tell us soiam in india
it's speed dating who will you tone to
stone inscribed as I have choices and
I have a question to thomas you move the
tomassi camera typed show a little or not
thomas that's it yeah we talk about what
I do not know at the entrance we can see a
stadium me great I'm 8th heaven
it's just super me a real massage and
spring
you are an actress made in france the
opinion while the recovery did not
been very productive
he will not be happy
what we discover inside
exceeds the imagination
eleven thousand square meters 332 pieces and
an overpriced decoration
look a little bit looked at the chandelier
it's a force a church to myth
it's crystal more surprising still
on the walls and on the ground of the skins of
beasts and dd for her leopard
what armed with a simple stick sir n
will repel fifty or so
crocodiles
ah good
further afield